Add boilerplate (#1)
src-d/go-YouTokenToMe: README.md

# go-YouTokenToMe

> go-YouTokenToMe is a Golang port of [YoutTokenToMe](https://github.com/VKCOM/YouTokenToMe) - a computationally efficient implementation of Byte Pair Encoding [[Sennrich et al.](https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/P16-1162/)].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go-YouTokenToMe is a Go port of [YoutTokenToMe](https://github.com/VKCOM/YouTokenToMe) - a computationally efficient implementation of Byte Pair Encoding [[Sennrich et al.](https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/P16-1162/)]. Only inference is supported, no training.
```
